Expand a bit the presentation of examples (#10799)
huggingface/transformers: examples/question-answering/README.md

of the script.

The old version of this script can be found [here](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/master/examples/legacy/question-answering).

> `run_qa` allows you to fine-tune any model from our [hub](https://huggingface.co/models) on the SQUAD dataset or another question-answergin dataset of the Datasets library or your own csv/jsonlines files as long as they are structured the same way as SQUAD. You might need to tweak the data processing inside the script if your data is structured differently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`run_qa.py` allows you to fine-tune any model from our [hub](https://huggingface.co/models) on the SQUAD dataset or another question-answering dataset of the `datasets` library or your own csv/jsonlines files as long as they are structured the same way as SQUAD. You might need to tweak the data processing inside the script if your data is structured differently.
```

same as vvove - not on any model. perhaps "any model trained on squad"?

Author: It's pretty much any model here too, as long as they have a `ForQuestionAnswering` head.
